[#169167705] added screen send data cie (#1466)
teamdigitale/io-app: locales/en/cie/auth_to_send_data.md

> IO treat your personal data in respect of security and your privacy, following the indications of the **General Data Protection Regulation** issued by the European Union ([GDPR, Regulation No. 2016/679](https://www.cartaidentita.interno.gov.it)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IO treats your personal data in respect of security and your privacy, following the indications of the **General Data Protection Regulation** issued by the European Union ([GDPR, Regulation No. 2016/679](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/IT/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32016R0679)).
```
